[CloudPods] cli status command (#245)
localstack/docs: content/en/tools/cloud-pods/pods-cli/index.md

  -n, --name TEXT    Name of the Cloud Pod.
  -f, --format TEXT  Format (curses, rich, json).
```

### status

> The `status` command compiles a report of LocalStack current in-memory application runtime, or state, listing what CloudPod and CloudPod Version have contributed to each AWS Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `status` command compiles a report of LocalStack current in-memory application runtime, or state, listing what Cloud Pod and Cloud Pod version have contributed to each AWS Service.
```

The set of active, or loaded, AWS Services is also given in this report so to distinguish which are not derivatives of CloudPod operations.

> The `-v` option extends the default report to also include the sequence of state changing CloudPod operations, listing for each the type and affected AWS Services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-v` option extends the default report to also include the sequence of state changing Cloud Pod operations, listing for each the type and affected AWS Services.
```

**Synopsis**
```

> Lists what CloudPods have contributed to each service's current in-memory state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists what Cloud Pods have contributed to each service's current in-memory state.
```
